DIAMetAlyzer:

1_20200922_processing_MetaboDIA_FFM_MAD_HRPMC.knwf: KNIME workflow for feature detection,
adduct grouping and high precursor mass correction based on the feature space in preparation
of accurate mass search. 

2_AccurateMassSearch.sh: Script to run OpenMS::AccurateMassSearch with the combined (HMDB, 
Lipid Maps) database.

3_1_agm_mt1_02.sh: Script to run the assay library generation via AssayGeneratorMetabo, 
with only allowing for identified compound via AccurateMassSearch. With an occurrence
filter of 0.2 (identified feature has to be detected in min 20% of the samples).

3_2_agm_mt1_unknown_02.sh: Script to run the assay library generation via AssayGeneratorMetabo, 
with allowing also unidentified (known_unkowns) in addition to the accurate mass search results.
With an occurrence filter of 0.2 (feature has to be detected in min 20% of the samples).

4_1_osw_combined_library_02_67.sh: Script to run OpenSWATH with the combined library.

4_2_osw_mdia_10ppm_25ppm_min_spec_02.sh: Script to run OpenSWATH with the MetaboDIA library.

4_3_osw_mt1_67_02.sh: Script to run OpenSWATH with the AssayGeneratorMetabo (known) library.

4_4_osw_mt1_unknown_67_02.sh: Script to run OpenSWATH with the AssayGeneratorMetabo (known_unknowns) library.

5_merge_score_export_pyprophet.sh: Script to run PyProphet scoring on the OpenSWATH results (without FDR filtering).
This is done in post processing.

6_DIAlignR: Run chromatographic retention time alignment via DIAlignR. 

convertMetaboDIALibraryToAssayLibrary (Directory):
convertSpetralLibrarytoAssayLibrary_1.4: Script to convert the MetaboDIA spectral library 
to an assay library, which can be used in the targeted extraction with OpenSWATH.

DecoyGeneratorMetaboTool_2.0: Tool, to allow the generation of decoys in an assay library,
without the need for SIRIUS. 

post_processing (Directory):
compare_analysis.ipynb: Script to visualize the frequency of quantification over the samples comparing (the DIAMetAlyzer and MetaboDIA).
compare_lib_and_quant.ipynb: Script used to compare and visualize the quantitative results based on the generated library. 
comparison_lib.ipynb:  Script to compare and visualize the libraries generated by MetaboDIA and the AssayGeneratorMetabo.
construct_combined_library.ipynb: ipython notebook to construct the combined assay library (MetaboDIA, AssayGeneratorMetabo). 

quant_analysis.Rmd: Post processing, such as PCA, limma analysis and visualization of the results.